Implement a `zeek-tsv` format (#3114)
tenzir/vast: changelog/next/features/3114--zeek-tsv-format.md

> The `zeek-tsv` format enables the user to parse and print Zeek TSV logs inside
> a pipeline.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `zeek-tsv` format parses and prints Zeek's native tab-separated value (TSV) 
representation of logs.
```

Author: Fixed in https://github.com/tenzir/vast/pull/3114/commits/d01e63a216f6cf0cb80a82adb3a4ae4e89a9286c
